Add global entry for TLS and TLS handshake (#167)
redhat-documentation/supplementary-style-guide: supplementary_style_guide/glossary_terms_conventions/general_conventions/t.adoc

TLS is a cryptographic protocol that uses the Public Key Infrastructure (PKI) method to encrypt network traffic between two systems. PKI uses asymmetric encryption during a TLS handshake process to authenticate the connection between two systems.

Use TLS when referring to protocols that exchange cryptographic keys and secure network connections between two systems. Check for the latest version of the TLS protocol and, if necessary, contact a subject matter expert (SME) to verify the TLS version to note in product documentation.

Use SSL/TLS in high-level documentation entries, such as headings, to establish context with encryption protocols.

*Use it*: yes

*Incorrect forms*:

*See also*: xref:ssl[ssl], xref:ssl-tls[ssl-tls], xref:symmetric-encryption[symmetric encryption], xref:tls-handshake[TLS handshake], xref:trusted-certificate-authority[trusted Certificate Authority]

[discrete]
[[tls-handshake]]
==== image:images/yes.png[yes] TLS handshake (noun)
*Description*: The process of a client checking the validity of a certificate on a web server for authentication purposes.

> *Example*: A client requests a certificate from a web server. On receiving the certificate, the client checks that it trusts the certificate authority (CA) that issued the certificate. If the client trusts the CA, it generates a premaster secret and encrypts it by using the web server’s public key. The client sends the encrypted value to the web server. The web server decrypts the value by using its private key. Both client and web server calculate a shared session key by using the premaster secret and other values. Both client and web server then use the session key to encrypt any sent messages during the TLS session.

Reviewer: Perhaps this example can be converted into a numbered list to facilitate reading.

Author: Hi @porueesq , your comment would make sense, but I do not see this style added to any other CCS SG entry. 

@redhat-documentation/ccs-style-council , WDYT?

Author: Thanks, @bergerhoffer . Good suggestion

:heavy_check_mark:

*See also*: xref:ttl[TTL], xref:time-to-live-n[time to live]

[discrete]
[[tls]]
==== image:images/yes.png[yes] TLS (noun)
*Description*: TLS is an initialism for Transport Layer Security (TLS), and it is the successor to the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol.

TLS is a cryptographic protocol that uses the Public Key Infrastructure (PKI) method to encrypt network traffic between two systems. PKI uses asymmetric encryption during a TLS handshake process to authenticate the connection between two systems.

> Use TLS when referring to protocols that exchange cryptographic keys and secure network connections between two systems. Check for the latest version of the TLS protocol and, if necessary, contact a subject matter expert (SME) to verify the TLS version to note in product documentation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use "TLS" when referring to protocols that exchange cryptographic keys and secure network connections between two systems. Check for the latest version of the TLS protocol and, if necessary, contact a subject matter expert (SME) to verify the TLS version to note in product documentation.
```
Other glossary entries use quotation marks to refer to specific usage of terms.

Author: :heavy_check_mark:

> Use SSL/TLS in high-level documentation entries, such as headings, to establish context with encryption protocols.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use "SSL/TLS" in high-level documentation entries, such as headings, to establish context with encryption protocols.
```
Same comment as above.

Author: :heavy_check_mark:

*Use it*: yes

*Incorrect forms*:

> *See also*: xref:ssl[ssl], xref:ssl-tls[ssl-tls], xref:symmetric-encryption[symmetric encryption], xref:tls-handshake[TLS handshake], xref:trusted-certificate-authority[trusted Certificate Authority]

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
*See also*: xref:ssl[SSL], xref:ssl-tls[SSL/TLS], xref:symmetric-encryption[symmetric encryption], xref:tls-handshake[TLS handshake], xref:trusted-certificate-authority[trusted Certificate Authority]
```

[discrete]
[[tls-handshake]]
==== image:images/yes.png[yes] TLS handshake (noun)
*Description*: The process of a client checking the validity of a certificate on a web server for authentication purposes.

The following example demonstrates a TLS handshake process:

A client requests a certificate from a web server. On receiving the certificate, the client checks that it trusts the certificate authority (CA) that issued the certificate. If the client trusts the CA, it generates a premaster secret and encrypts it by using the web server’s public key. The client sends the encrypted value to the web server. The web server decrypts the value by using its private key. Both client and web server calculate a shared session key by using the premaster secret and other values. Both client and web server then use the session key to encrypt any sent messages during the TLS session.

*Use it*: yes

*Incorrect forms*: SSL handshake

> *See also*: xref:tls[tls-description], xref:symmetric-encryption[symmetric encryption], xref:trusted-certificate-authority[trusted certificate authority]

Reviewer 3: Looks like you updated the display name instead of the anchor

```suggestion
*See also*: xref:tls-description[TLS], xref:symmetric-encryption[symmetric encryption], xref:trusted-certificate-authority[trusted certificate authority]
```

*See also*:

[discrete]
[[tls]]
==== image:images/yes.png[yes] TLS (noun)

> *Description*: TLS is an initialism for Transport Layer Security. TLS is the successor to the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol. TLS is a cryptographic protocol that uses the Public Key Infrastructure (PKI) method to encrypt network traffic between two systems. PKI uses symmetric encryption during a TLS handshake process to authenticate the connection between two systems.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*Description*: TLS is an initialism for Transport Layer Security, which succeeds the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol. TLS is a cryptographic protocol that uses the Public Key Infrastructure (PKI) method to encrypt network traffic between two systems. PKI uses symmetric encryption during a TLS handshake process to authenticate the connection between two systems.
```
Consider editing to avoid having three sentences in a row that begin with `TLS`.

Author: Hi @bburt-rh . This PR is marked as Work-in-Progress (WIP), so the content will change based on SME feedback. I hope to have updates soon.

Author: :heavy_check_mark:

> Use TLS when referring to protocols that exchange cryptographics keys and secure network connections between two systems. Check for the latest version of the TLS protocol and, if necessary, contact an SME to verify the TLS version to record in product documentation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use TLS when referring to protocols that exchange cryptographic keys and secure network connections between two systems. Check for the latest version of the TLS protocol and, if necessary, contact a subject matter expert to verify the TLS version to note in product documentation.
```
- Spell out `SME`
- Consider changing `record` to `note`. `Record` doesn't seem like the right word here.

Author: :heavy_check_mark:

[discrete]
[[trusted-certificate-authority]]
==== image:images/yes.png[yes] trusted Certificate Authority (noun)

> *Description*: A trusted Certificate Authority (CA) is a third party that creates TLS certificates (CA certificates) used for authentication. A trust CA must not be confused with self-signed certificates. Note the capitalization of Certificate Authority, which is commonly abbreviated as CA.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Description*: A trusted Certificate Authority (CA) is a third party that creates TLS certificates, known as CA certificates, used for authentication. A trusted CA certificate is different from a self-signed certificate. Note the capitalization of Certificate Authority, which is commonly abbreviated as CA.
```

[discrete]
[[trusted-certificate-authority]]
==== image:images/yes.png[yes] trusted certificate authority (noun)
*Description*: A trusted certificate authority (CA) is a third-party entity that creates TLS certificates, known as CA certificates, for authentication purposes. A trusted CA is different from a self-signed certificate in that a self-signed certificate has its own private key and does not need to request a key from a public or private CA.

A web server uses its public key to obtain a certificate from a trusted CA. The web server stores this certificate in a keystore. During the TLS handshake process, a client checks the validity of the certificate for authentication purposes.

*Use it*: yes

*Incorrect forms*: self-signed certificate

> *See also*: xref:tls[tls-description]

Reviewer 3: Same here

```suggestion
*See also*: xref:tls-description[TLS]
```

[discrete]
[[trusted-certificate-authority]]
==== image:images/yes.png[yes] trusted Certificate Authority (noun)

> *Description*: A trusted Certificate Authority (CA) is a third-party entity that creates TLS certificates, known as CA certificates, for authentication purposes. A trusted CA differs from a self-signed certificate in many ways. Note the capitalization of Certificate Authority, which is commonly abbreviated as CA.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Description*: A trusted Certificate Authority (CA) is a third-party entity that creates TLS certificates, known as CA certificates, for authentication purposes. A trusted CA is different from a self-signed certificate, being the second a signed certificate with its own private key instead of requesting it from a public or a private CA. Note the capitalization of Certificate Authority, which is commonly abbreviated as CA.
```

_in many ways_ is a bit ambiguous. I've suggested a sentence to explain the main difference. 

Other options:
a. Discard _A trusted CA is different ..._. 
b. Create a new entry for self-signed certificates and link to it.

WDYT?

Author: Thanks for the suggestion, @porueesq . I updated the content based on your suggestion. Please let me know your thoughts.

Reviewer: Excellent. Thanks for the update. The MR is approved :partying_face:

> *Description*: A trusted Certificate Authority (CA) is a third-party entity that creates TLS certificates, known as CA certificates, for authentication purposes. A trusted CA is different from a self-signed certificate in that a self-signed certificate has its own private key and does not need to request a key from a public or private CA. Note the capitalization of Certificate Authority, which is commonly abbreviated as CA.

Reviewer 3: You know, as soon as I saw this entry, I was going to say that I doubted that it should be capitalized "Certificate Authority". I see that it was already like that though. However, I don't think it should be capitalized - we should check this (and can do so in a separate PR though)

> *Description*: A trusted Certificate Authority (CA) is a third-party entity that creates TLS certificates, known as CA certificates, for authentication purposes. A trusted CA is different from a self-signed certificate; in that, a self-signed certificate has its own private key and does not need to request a key from a public or private CA. Note the capitalization of Certificate Authority, which is commonly abbreviated as CA.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*Description*: A trusted Certificate Authority (CA) is a third-party entity that creates TLS certificates, known as CA certificates, for authentication purposes. A trusted CA is different from a self-signed certificate in that a self-signed certificate has its own private key and does not need to request a key from a public or private CA. Note the capitalization of Certificate Authority, which is commonly abbreviated as CA.
```
Omit semicolon and comma. Per IBM SG, only use semicolons to separate independent clauses. In the current version, the semicolon is being used to separate the first independent clause from the second dependent clause (the one that begins with `in that...`)

A web server uses its public key to obtain a certificate from a trusted CA. The web server stores this certificate in a keystore. During the TLS handshake process, a client checks the validity of the certificate for authentication purposes.

*Use it*: yes

*Incorrect forms*: Self-signed certificate

> *See also*: xref:tls[tls], xref:trusted-certificate-authority[trusted Certificate Authority], xref:certificate-authorities[certificate authorities]

Reviewer 3: * This see also for trusted CAs is linking to itself, can you remove that?
* The see also has a link to "certificate authorities" that doesn't seem to exist. Can you remove that?
